[PAGE 1]
Latest News & Updates
[PAGE 2]
Featured In Publications
RegenerationHQ
Good News Aotearoa - Six Kiwi Innovations Changing the Game 4 Regenera&
Discover six inspiring Kiwi innovation stories from across Aotearoa, from eco-friendly dog
chews and AI-powered diagnostics to billion-dollar science ventures and New Zealand9s&
chi.org.nz
Nexture: The Kiwi AI Startup Revolutionising Gastrointestinal Healthcare
Sun 3 a seasoned entrepreneur with a 25-year track record in healthcare technology , AI,
and robotics 3 is the founder of Nexture. Their flags...
NZ Entrepreneur Magazine
Nexture: The Kiwi AI Startup Revolutionising Gastrointestinal Healthcare
When Wei Sun fell in love with New Zealand while on holiday in 2016, little did he know that
he would be back nearly a decade later , launching a healthcare technology startup in&
MoA
Startup Stories: Victor Sun - Nexture - MoA
Startups Founders Global ambition Innovation Startup support Entrepreneurship Startup community Business incubator Startup accelerator
New Zealand Aotearoa
www.caffeinedaily .co
New startup tackles diagnostic delays
Plus: The Doom sirens are blaring.
[PAGE 3]
Unleash the Future of AI: Nexture AI Dive 3 
New Episodes Every Sunday!
Dive into the cutting edge of artificial intelligence with "Nexture AI Dive." Each Sunday, we deliver expert analysis and captivating 
discussions, offering unparalleled insights into the transformative world of AI.
Spotify for Creators
Nexture AI Dive " A podcast on Spotify for Creators
Nexture AI Dive is a casual podcast created by an experienced AI entrepreneur with AI.
With over 25 years in the innovation and internet fields, the host shares insights and&
Spotify
 Apple podcast
 Amazon music
[PAGE 4]
© 2025 Nexture Limited. All rights reserved.
All third-party logos and trademarks featured on this website are the property of their respective owners. Their inclusion does not imply endorsement, affiliation, or 
sponsorship by these companies. We assert no claim of ownership over these marks, using them strictly for identification and informational purposes. For any 
concerns regarding the use of your company's logo or trademark, please contact us.
